README.md, before:

# XamarinUsbDriver

This is a .NET library to interact with Syncromatics' USB devices through Xamarin

## Code of Conduct

We are committed to fostering an open and welcoming environment. Please read our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before participating in or contributing to this project.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions and collaboration on this project. Please read our [contributor's guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand how best to work with us.

## License and Authors

[![GMV Syncromatics Engineering logo](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/645145afc5c0bc24ba24c3d86228ad39?size=16) GMV Syncromatics Engineering](https://github.com/syncromatics)

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver.svg)](https://github.com/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver.svg)](https://github.com/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver/graphs/contributors)

This software is made available by GMV Syncromatics Engineering under the  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.

Commit message:

EN-8616: Build and release via GitHub actions (#4)
* (+semver: patch) Updated DX docs to latest template

* (+semver: feature) Add GitHub Actions build config

* (+semver: patch) Remove rake build scripts

* (+semver: fix) Fixed Xamarin.Android library version

* (+semver: fix) Fix munged solution file

* (+semver: fix) Adding specific Nugetizer3000 package because there's a weird, old dependency in the VSfM template

* (+semver: fix) Move gogitver to linux...

* (+semver: fix) Was mislead by outdated GH Actions docs...

* (+semver: fix) Use macOS build of gogitver 1.2.0 instead of gogitver-action

* (+semver: fix) Do what gogitver-actions was doing and fetch everything

* (+semver: patch) Set prerelease flag

README.md, after:

# XamarinUsbDriver

This is a .NET library to interact with Syncromatics' USB devices through Xamarin

## Building

[![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver/build)](https://github.com/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/XamarinUsbDriver.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/XamarinUsbDriver/)
[![NuGet Pre Release](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/XamarinUsbDriver.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/XamarinUsbDriver/)

Requires a configured Xamarin environment to build.

## Code of Conduct

We are committed to fostering an open and welcoming environment. Please read our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before participating in or contributing to this project.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions and collaboration on this project. Please read our [contributor's guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand how best to work with us.

## License and Authors

[![GMV Syncromatics Engineering logo](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/645145afc5c0bc24ba24c3d86228ad39?size=16) GMV Syncromatics Engineering](https://github.com/syncromatics)

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver.svg)](https://github.com/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver.svg)](https://github.com/syncromatics/XamarinUsbDriver/graphs/contributors)

This software is made available by GMV Syncromatics Engineering under the GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.
